Attach error codes to all receiver errors (#1901)
websockets/ws: doc/ws.md

  - [websocket.terminate()](#websocketterminate)
  - [websocket.url](#websocketurl)
- [WebSocket.createWebSocketStream(websocket[, options])](#websocketcreatewebsocketstreamwebsocket-options)
- [WS Error Codes](#ws-error-codes)
  - [WS_ERR_UNSUPPORTED_MESSAGE_LENGTH](#wserrunsupporteddatapayloadlength)

>   - [WS_ERR_INVALID_CONTROL_PAYLOAD_LENGTH](#wserrinvalidcontrolpayloadlength)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [WS_ERR_UNSUPPORTED_DATA_PAYLOAD_LENGTH](#wserrunsupporteddatapayloadlength)
  - [WS_ERR_INVALID_CONTROL_PAYLOAD_LENGTH](#wserrinvalidcontrolpayloadlength)
```

Returns a `Duplex` stream that allows to use the Node.js streams API on top of a
given `WebSocket`.

## WS Error Codes

Errors emitted by the websocket may have a `.code` property, describing the
specific type of error that has occurred:

### WS_ERR_UNSUPPORTED_MESSAGE_LENGTH

A message was received with a length longer than the maximum supported length,
as configured by the `maxPayload` option.

### WS_ERR_UNSUPPORTED_DATA_PAYLOAD_LENGTH

A data frame was received with a length longer the max supported length (2^53-1,
due to JavaScript language limitations).

### WS_ERR_INVALID_CONTROL_PAYLOAD_LENGTH

A control frame with an invalid payload length was received.

### WS_ERR_INVALID_UTF8

> A text frame was received containing invalid UTF-8 data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A text or close frame was received containing invalid UTF-8 data.
```

### WS_ERR_INVALID_OPCODE

A WebSocket frame was received with an invalid opcode.

### WS_ERR_INVALID_CLOSE_CODE

A WebSocket close frame was received with an invalid close code.

### WS_ERR_UNEXPECTED_RSV_1

> A WebSocket frame was received with the RSV 1 bit set unexpectedly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WebSocket frame was received with the RSV1 bit set unexpectedly.
```

### WS_ERR_UNEXPECTED_RSV_2_3

> A WebSocket frame was received with the RSV 2 or 3 bits set unexpectedly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WebSocket frame was received with the RSV2 or RSV3 bit set unexpectedly.
```
